Meeting 9/27
Notes:  
-we have 6 APIs  
-Jordan’s doing eventFul  
-Mary’s doing ticketMaster  
-George doing eventBrite  
-Megan and Mackenzie are doing hiking ones  
-spitcast or transitAndTrails or RIDB  
-Mat is doing Meetup   

-Facebook API research  
-need to link our accounts   

-We need to make a document for everyone doing an API make a javascript file and do an example of a call and comment the JSON you get back 

-Mackenzie, Megan and Josh will work on mockups   
-meet together for preliminary changes  
-then entire group will meet Sunday night to go over designs and make changes  
-new branch on slack for meeting notes  
-Mackenzie will put these on github 

